WIBSON ALPHA TERMS OF USE


THESE TERMS OF USE (THE “TERMS”) ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND
WIBSON LTD. (THE “COMPANY”, “WE” OR “US”). THE TERMS EXPLAIN HOW YOU
ARE PERMITTED TO USE THE WIBSON ALPHA MOBILE APPLICATION (THE “MOBILE
APPLICATION”). UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, ALL REFERENCES TO “MOBILE
APPLICATION” INCLUDE THE CONTENT, SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS
MOBILE APPLICATION (THE “SERVICES”). BY USING THIS MOBILE APPLICATION,
YOU ARE AGREEING TO ALL THE TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF
THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THIS MOBILE APPLICATION OR
ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS MOBILE APPLICATION.


Changes.

Company may make changes to the content and Services offered on the
Mobile Application at any time. Company can change, update, or add or
remove provisions of these Terms, at any time by posting the updated
Terms on this Mobile Application. By using this Mobile Application
after Company has updated the Terms, you are agreeing to all the
updated Terms; if you do not agree with any of the updated Terms, you
must stop using the Mobile Application.


General Use.

By using this Mobile Application, you represent, acknowledge and agree
that you are at least the age of majority, or if you are under the age
of majority but are at least 13 years old (a “Minor”), that you are
using the Mobile Application with the consent of your parent or legal
guardian and that you have received your parent’s or legal guardian’s
permission to use the Mobile Application and agree to its Terms. If
you are a parent or legal guardian of a Minor, you hereby agree to
bind the Minor to these Terms and to fully indemnify and hold harmless
Company if the Minor breaches any of these Terms. If you are not at
least 13 years old, you may not use the Mobile Application at any time
or in any manner or submit any information to the Company or the
Mobile Application. Company provides content through the Mobile
Application that is copyrighted and/or trademarked work of Company or
Company’s third-party licensors and suppliers or other users of the
Mobile Application (collectively, the “Materials”). Materials may
include logos, graphics, video, images, software and other content. To
use the Mobile Application, you must have a mobile device that is
compatible with the mobile service. Company does not warrant that the
Mobile Application will be compatible with your mobile device. Company
hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable
license to use an object code copy of the Mobile Application for one
registered account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you,
for your personal use. You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile
or reverse engineer the Mobile Application, except to the extent that
such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease,
loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Mobile
Application to any third-party or use the Mobile Application to
provide time sharing or similar services for any third-party; (iii)
make any copies of the Mobile Application; (iv) remove, circumvent,
disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features
of the Mobile Application, features that prevent or restrict use or
copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Application, or
features that enforce limitations on use of the Mobile Application; or
(v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the
Mobile Application. You acknowledge that Company may from time to time
issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Application, and may
automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile
Application that you are using on your mobile device. You consent to
such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that these
Terms will apply to all such upgrades. The foregoing license grant is
not a sale of the Mobile Application or any copy thereof, and Company
and its third-party licensors or suppliers retain all right, title,
and interest in and to the Mobile Application (and any copy of the
Mobile Application). Standard carrier data charges may apply to your
use of the Mobile Application. If you breach any of these Terms, the
above license will terminate automatically. The following additional
terms and conditions apply with respect to any Mobile Application that
Company provides to you designed for use on an Apple iOS-powered
mobile device (an “iOS App”): You acknowledge that these Terms are
between you and Company only, and not with Apple, Inc. (“Apple”). Your
use of Company’s iOS App must comply with Apple’s then-current App
Store Terms of Service. Company, and not Apple, is solely responsible
for our iOS App and the Services and content available thereon. You
acknowledge that Apple has no obligation to provide maintenance and
support services with respect to our iOS App. To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no warranty obligation
whatsoever with respect to our iOS App. You agree that Company, and
not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims by you or any
third-party relating to our iOS App or your possession and/or use of
our iOS App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability
claims; (ii) any claim that the iOS App fails to conform to any
applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising
under consumer protection or similar legislation, and all such claims
are governed solely by these Terms and any law applicable to us as
provider of the iOS App. You agree that Company, and not Apple, shall
be responsible, to the extent required by these Terms, for the
investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party
intellectual property infringement claim related to our iOS App or
your possession and use of our iOS App. You represent and warrant that
(i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government
as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) You are not listed on
any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You
agree to comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement
when using our iOS App (e.g., you must not be in violation of your
wireless data service terms of agreement when using the iOS App). The
parties agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party
beneficiaries to these Terms as they relate to your license of
Company’s iOS App. Upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will
have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
enforce these Terms against you as they relate to your license of the
iOS App as a third-party beneficiary thereof. The following additional
terms and conditions apply with respect to any Mobile Application that
Company provides to you designed for use on an Android-powered mobile
device (an “Android App”): You acknowledge that these Terms are
between you and Company only, and not with Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Your use of Company’s Android App must comply with Google’s
then-current Android Market Terms of Service. Google is only a
provider of the Android Market where you obtained the Android App.
Company, and not Google, is solely responsible for Company’s Android
App and the Services and content available thereon. Google has no
obligation or liability to you with respect to Company’s Android App
or these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that Google is a third-party
beneficiary to the Terms as they relate to Company’s Android App.


In exchange for accepting data offers via the Mobile Application, you
may receive points. While Company generally intends to allow users to
exchange such points into digital rewards, Company reserves the right
not to provide such rewards, and you acknowledge and agree that such
points may not have any value to you now or in the future. You
acknowledge and agree that the Mobile Application is in its alpha test
phase and may contain, in Company’ sole discretion, more or fewer
features or different licensing terms than a subsequent commercial
release version of the Mobile Application and/or Services that may be
offered through the Mobile Application. While Company generally
intends to distribute commercial release versions of the Mobile
Application and Materials on the Mobile Application, Company reserves
the right not to release later commercial release versions of any
Mobile Application. Without limiting any disclaimer of warranty or
other limitation stated herein, you agree that any Mobile Application
is not considered by Company to be suitable for commercial use, and
that it may contain errors affecting its proper operation. BY
ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE
MOBILE APPLICATION MAY EXHIBIT SPORADIC DISRUPTIONS THAT HAVE THE
POTENTIAL TO DISRUPT YOUR USE OF THE MOBILE APPLICATION IN GENERAL AND
ANY SERVICES THAT MAY BE OFFERED THROUGH THE MOBILE APPLICATION.
COMPANY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF
THE MOBILE APPLICATION.


Privacy Notice.

When using the Mobile Application, we will collect data that tells us
about your app usage. We will use this usage data internally and only
for research and development purposes. In addition, you will have the
option to share with us different data contained in your mobile device
or phone. Only the data that you agree to share will be collected
through the interface that will appear on your screen. Please do not
share with us sensitive data or data of third parties who have not
given their consent. We collect this data to conduct internal testing
of the Mobile Application and its use by you and other users for the
purposes of research and state-of-the-art marketing. By delivering
this data to us, you also authorize us to transfer it to Wibson Ltd.,
and our academic partners for related purposes. You acknowledge and
accept that our company and recipients of your data could be located
in territories that, like the United States of America, do not offer
in their laws a level of protection of privacy equivalent to the one
applied in the European Union. You can exercise the data rights that
the applicable law grants to you at any time through the electronic
address privacy@wibson.org.


Proprietary Rights.

Wibson is a trademark of Company. Other trademarks, names and logos on
this Mobile Application are the property of their respective owners.
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all information and screens
appearing on this Mobile Application, including documents, services,
site design, text, graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the
arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Company, Copyright ©
2018 Wibson Ltd. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Except as otherwise required or limited by applicable law, any
reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or
publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without
the express written consent of the copyright owner or license. The
Mobile Application and related documentation are “Commercial Items”,
as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “Commercial
Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation”,
as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as
applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1
through 227.7202-4, as applicable, if you are a government entity, the
Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software
Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only
as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to
all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under applicable copyright laws.


Disclaimer of Warranties.

Your use of this Mobile Application is at your own risk. The Materials
have not been verified or authenticated in whole or in part by
Company, and they may include inaccuracies or typographical or other
errors. Company does not warrant the accuracy of timeliness of the
Materials contained on this Mobile Application. Company has no
liability for any errors or omissions in the Materials, whether
provided by Company, our licensors or suppliers or other users.
COMPANY, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS, MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS MOBILE APPLICATION, THE SERVICES, OR ANY MATERIALS RELATING
TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY
INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THIS MOBILE
APPLICATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE MATERIALS. UNLESS
OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, THIS MOBILE APPLICATION, MATERIALS AND ANY INFORMATION
OR MATERIAL CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THIS MOBILE APPLICATION IS
PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WHERE-IS” BASIS
WITH NO WARRANTY OF IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. COMPANY
DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST VIRUSES, SPYWARE OR MALWARE
THAT MAY BE INSTALLED ON YOUR COMPUTER.


Limitation of Liability.

YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY IN CASE OF DISSATISFACTION
WITH THE MOBILE APPLICATION OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR
TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUATION OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF THE MOBILE
APPLICATION. COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES
RESULTING FROM YOUR DISPLAYING, COPYING, OR DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIALS
TO OR FROM THIS MOBILE APPLICATION OR ACCEPTING ANY DATA OFFERS
THROUGH THE MOBILE APPLICATION. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE
OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, EVEN IF COMPANY KNOWS
THERE IS A POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY’S LIABILITY TO
YOU EXCEED TEN GIBRALTAR POUNDS, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF A FAILURE OF THE
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR ANY LIMITED REMEDY UNDER THESE TERMS.


Local Laws.

Company controls and operates this Mobile Application from its
headquarters in Gibraltar and the Materials may not be appropriate or
available for use in other locations. If you use this Mobile
Application outside Gibraltar, you are responsible for following
applicable local laws.


Feedback.

If you send or transmit any communications, comments, questions,
suggestions, or related materials to Company, whether by letter,
email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting
or recommending changes to the Mobile Application or Materials,
including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating
thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as,
non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except as prohibited by
applicable law, you hereby assign all right, title, and interest in,
and Company is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to
you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual
property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or
not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited
to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing,
marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services
using such Feedback. Where the foregoing assignment is prohibited by
law, you hereby grant Us an exclusive, transferable, worldwide,
royalty-free, fully paid up license (including the right to
sublicense) to use and exploit all Feedback as We may determine in our
sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand and
agree that Company is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or
distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained
in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display,
reproduction, or distribution.


Language.

The Parties hereto have expressly required that this agreement and all
documents and notices relating thereto be drafted in the English
language.


General.

Company prefers to advise you if we feel you are not complying with
these Terms and to recommend any necessary corrective action. However,
certain violations of these Terms, as determined by Company, may
result in immediate termination of your access to this Mobile
Application without prior notice to you. Gibraltar law, without regard
to the choice or conflicts of law provisions, will govern these Terms.
Foreign laws do not apply. Any disputes relating to these Terms or
this Mobile Application will be heard in the courts located in
Gibraltar. If any of these Terms is found to be inconsistent with
applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the
intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified.
Company’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of
such term. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and
Company and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations,
discussions or agreements between you and Company about this Mobile
Application. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties,
representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and
general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.


Contact Us.

If you have any questions about these Terms or otherwise need to
contact Company for any reason, you can reach us at info@wibson.org.
